Update plans.md (#8442)
mattermost/docs: source/product-overview/plans.md

  </tbody>
</table>

> See a [complete list of features](https://mattermost.com/pricing) on the Mattermost website. Features with an asterick next to the checkmark indicate rate usage limitation. Please see more information [here](https://docs.mattermost.com/product-overview/editions-and-offerings.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See a [complete list of features](https://mattermost.com/pricing) on the Mattermost website. Features with an asterisk (*) next to the check mark indicate a rate usage limitation. See the [Editions and Offerings](https://docs.mattermost.com/product-overview/editions-and-offerings.html) documentation for details.
```
